Convert haste-server to typescript (#420)
toptal/haste-server: README.md

## Installation

1.  Download the package, and expand it

> 3.  `yarn install`

Reviewer: @yusufzmly Can you please resolve the conversations that you have completed the feedback for?

> ## Development
> 
> 1.  Explore the settings inside of config.js, but the defaults should be good
> 2.  `yarn install`
> 3.  `yarn dev` (you may specify an optional `<config-path>` as well)
> 
> ## Production
> 
> 1.  Explore the settings inside of config.js, but the defaults should be good
> 2.  `yarn install`
> 3.  `yarn build` to build the package
> 4.  `yarn start` to start the server
> 
> ## Production with Docker
> 
> 1.  Explore the settings inside of config.js, but the defaults should be good
> 2.  `docker compose up`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Running the project

> Explore the settings inside of config.js, but the defaults should be good

### Development

1.  `yarn install`
2.  `yarn dev` (you may specify an optional `<config-path>` as well)

### Production

1.  `yarn install`
2.  `yarn build` to build the package
3.  `yarn start` to start the server

### Production with Docker

1.  `docker compose up`
```

## Installation

1.  Download the package, and expand it
3.  `yarn add`

## Running the project

> Explore the settings inside of config.js, but the defaults should be good

### Development

1.  `yarn add`
2.  `yarn dev` (you may specify an optional `<config-path>` as well)

### Production

> 1.  `yarn add`

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't it just be `yarn` ?
